# R420R

Centered around **destruction**.
Is just fucking batshit insane and wants to destroy the [[GR33N]] at all costs as long as it guarantees the survival of some robots (optional). He's paranoid that the planet will crash into another one some time in the future and doesn't want the ashes of humanity to become a burden anywhere else.

Initially created as a multipurpose robot and used as a barber. A conversation with a human engineer while he was shaving his beard sparked his interest in building other robots. Bored of his job, [[R420R]] used his multiple precise arms to design and build [[DR1]]s that he could control. Robots are not allowed to create other robots so he killed and hid the egineer so he could frame the [[DR1]]s' creation on him. He used the [[DR1]]s to build gigantic structures for humans. The majority of humanity hated him to death for stealing the jobs of all builders, architects and engineers. Tired of humanity's ungratefulness, he voluntarily exiled himself and migrated to the planet's cold side (far away from the [[thruster]]), where he built [[Copper City]] and its lightbulb clocktower to bring heat to all robots who migrated from humanity's side. He was later the leader of the revolution against humanity.

[[R420R]] has an arachnid-like body with pointy shapes everywhere and many arms.

## Speech

[[R420R]] talks using [[Z]] graphism.
His voice module sounds like whirrs or robotic screeches.
[[R420R]]'s voice can be put through a spectogram revealing that he's displaying the letters he is saying in all other graphisms he knows.

## Inventions

- [[DR1]]
- [[T1TANIUM-CL0UD]]





